(low, mystical
instrumental music)
(male voice speaks
foreign language)
(low, tense music
with a quick beat)
(sword whispers)
(men exclaim)
(swords clang)
- [Man With Tie] Kane.
- What?
- I thought we all agreed
not to show that option?
- Hey, did we get
approval or not?
- Yeah, but you tipped
off the old man.
Again!
- Marshall loved the scheme.
Pretty sure Ed'll get over it.
- You've gotta start
paying attention.
There's a whole world in
there you're not seeing, man.
- Sorry, Scott.
Guess I'm too busy kicking butt.
And carrying yours.
- Well, while you're
kicking and carrying,
I'm busy covering.
Both of ours.
Just remember that.
- Relax.
(phone dials)
Go manage something.
(telephone rings)
- Hello, you've reached Emi.
Please leave a message, beep.
- Hi Emi, this is Kane.
I'm glad I got your voicemail.
I don't know how to say
this, but I'm leaving you,
and I want a divorce.
- Hey, that's not
even a little funny.
(laughs)
- Well you asked for it.
- [Emi] Maybe, but you're
the one who's gonna get it.
- Oh, bring it on, baby.
So is this a bad time?
- No, it's perfect, my
11:00's running late.
So, how did it go this morning?
- They loved it, Marshall's
all over the scheme.
- Oh, congratulations
honey, that's great!
So how did Edward take it?
- Ed's fine, he's
got a happy client.
What else does he want?
- Well, we should celebrate
tonight, let's go out.
- Mmm, I can't,
I'm working late.
But I can meet you at the
coffee shop in 15 minutes.
- Well, I can't leave right now,
but I'll meet you in
your lobby at one.
- Okay, 1:00?
- Okay, see you then.
- All right, bye.
(low instrumental music)
(fire crackles softly)
- [Kane] Wakey wakey, baby.
- [Emi] What time is it?
- What time is it?
It's time for work.
- Work, work.
You're a slave, you know?
- That's indentured servant.
- I had the weirdest dream.
You were laying on the ground.
I knelt down and whispered
something in your ear.
And then you got up.
- Oh yeah?
Then what happened?
- Nothing, that was it.
Hey do you dream in
Japanese or in English?
- What?
- [Emi] I don't know,
it's a fair question.
- Emi, I was there
until I was eight,
I barely remember anything.
Hey where's my phone?
- Come on, let's
take the day off.
- We're reviewing the
ERR for Friday's call
with Tobias Partners.
Man, I hope Scott remembered
to take care of the
Shade Study diagrams.
He's been so edgy lately.
Hey, you okay?
- Oh yeah, I'm just
a little tired.
- Are you sure?
'Cause I can take the day
off if you want me to.
- Oh, no no, I'm fine.
See you tonight.
- You're sure?
- I'm sure.
Come home when you can.
- Okay.
Love you.
- Love you too.
(grass crunches softly)
(swelling instrumental music)
- Hey man, got a sec?
- Yeah, yeah I'll
be right there.
Come on, Scott, what's
really eating you?
(Scott sighs)
- Edward was in
here this morning.
- And?
- I'm sorry, man, there's
no easy way to say this.
(tense, dramatic music)
(leaves rustle)
- Who are you?
Why did you attack me yesterday?
(man chuckles)
(leaves rustle)
(foreboding music)
- You are not my master.
- I am.
- No.
That is a lie.
- Are you sure?
I know you.
I know what you hunger for.
Join me at my table.
Do you refuse me!
(swords clang)
(men grunt)
(Ronin cries out)
(fabric tears)
(sad, mellow tonal music)
(keys jingle)
(door squeaks and closes)
- Hey!
What are you doing here?
Oh, and thanks for the
flowers, gorgeous as always.
What's a matter?
Did something happen at work?
- I was laid off today.
- Oh my goodness.
What happened?
- Scott called me
into his office.
It took two minutes.
I didn't see it coming.
- Was it Edward?
- I'm sure of it.
I'm sorry, Emi.
- No, I'm not sorry.
You've been wandering
for so long, Kane.
This is for the best.
(soft tonal music with
gentle acoustic guitar)
- [Television Voiceover]
At least you got
a good look at them, now
we know this about them.
We know they drove
away in a red--
(voice drowned out by music)
The important thing
is that you're okay.
I'm not gonna miss the silver.
I'm gonna miss the--
(voice drowned out by music)
(grunts)
(coughs)
(birds chirp)
- [Kane] (sighs) Aren't
you gonna go to work?
- I called in sick.
- Headaches again?
- Oh, it's not so bad.
I thought we could
hang out today.
- You should just rest.
- Well, I don't want to.
Besides, it'll take
my mind off my mind.
- All right.
Can you pass the milk please?
Thank you.
- Also, I thought that,
maybe we could visit
my friend Cary.
- I knew you were gonna
bring this up again.
Emi, just stop it, please.
- I just thought we could talk.
- I told you before, I left
that life when I was a kid.
You can do whatever you want,
but me, I'm gonna
do things my way.
- Your way?
- [Kane] Yes, Emi, my way.
- You mean moping
around here for a month.
Is that your grand
philosophy, Kane?
Is that your way?
- A month of loafing is better
than a lifetime of lies.
(Kane sighs)
When we die, we die.
That's it, Emi.
Man is alone.
There is no Other.
- Oh.
- You all right?
- I'm fine.
Thank you.
You are wrong, Kane.
An ancient battle rages
within each of us.
The prize is our soul.
(haunting tonal music)
- [Man] Mr. Madison I presume?
- [Kane] Oh, Father Cary.
- [Father Cary]
Nice to meet you.
- [Kane] You too.
- Really, no kidding?
They served in Asia?
- Yeah, all over, uh, really.
China, Indonesia.
I was actually born in Japan
during one of their
last missions.
They uh, they divorced
a few years after we moved
back into the States.
- So, you've seen
it all, I guess.
(laughs)
- No disrespect, Father, but,
I kinda have, yeah.
I'm really here for Emi.
- Are you sure?
(birds tweet)
- Show yourself!
- I am here, boy.
What do you seek?
- I seek a meal.
- I would never have guessed.
- What is it to you, old man?
Why mock me?
- I mock myself,
for I constantly suffer
the likes of you.
- Useless.
(seated man sighs)
- If a meal is your
desire, take this sword.
Beneath the great tree,
you will find the Master.
He will give you your fill.
- I am my own master now.
(seated man laughs)
- And a fine job your
master is doing, young man.
Do what you will.
My charge is to inform,
not to inspire.
(metal whispers)
(pills rattle)
- You should really
get checked out.
- I'm okay.
- [Kane] Do you have
to take so many?
- It's the only way I can sleep.
So, what'd you do today?
- I went for a drive.
You know, I gotta take
that thing in again.
I barely got it to start.
- [Emi] So, where'd you go?
- Nowhere special.
Went up in Pasadena.
- What, you just drove around?
- Yeah, it was nice.
I haven't been to
Old Town in a while.
I went to go get a sandwich
at that place, Sammy's,
you know they shut down?
- Cary called this afternoon.
Said he really
enjoyed your chat.
- Don't make me do
that again, please.
- Oh come on, he's a nice guy.
- That's not the point.
I went, I met with him,
I hope you're happy now.
- I am so happy now.
In fact, wow, my headache
is completely gone all the
sudden, it's a miracle!
- Yeah right.
- Seriously, I feel much better.
Thank you.
- If that's all it took,
I'd be there every day.
- All I want is to share this
part of my life with you.
Won't you try?
For me?
(sighs)
- Emi.
Please.
- I'm sorry.
(low tonal music)
(tense music)
(man yells)
- Emi!
Emi.
(phone beeps)
Yes, I have an emergency, I
need an ambulance immediately.
I came home, my wife has
passed out on the floor.
I have no idea what
happened to her,
please just send somebody--
(Kane drowned out by rising
music and steady beeping)
- What are the
doctors saying now?
- They think it
might be malignant.
You must be tired
from your flight.
Can I get you something to--
- Leave me with my daughter.
This is hope.
My hope.
Emi's and yours.
- There is no Other.
(soft music)
For you, I will try.
(gasps and breathes heavily)
Old man.
Old man!
This Master, does
he pay with rice?
- As I said, you
will have your fill.
- What kind of men
is he looking for?
- All manner.
- So what is his name?
- He has many names.
- How far is this tree?
- The road is different for all.
- Stop it, speak plainly,
I do not understand!
(sighs)
- No one really does.
- Then why try?
- Fool!
You hope there is more
than the wandering
and the pain you know so well.
You hope that my words are true,
of a tree, a great
master, a full belly.
You try, because you hope.
Ronin, the Dark Lord
hunts you still.
Beware, he is hungry too.
Like a prowling lion.
- That sword, does
it belong to you?
- I suppose it does.
The old man gave it to me.
- (laughs) The old man?
He's a Fool like me.
- [Ronin] Perhaps.
Aren't we all?
- [Fool] True, true.
So where are you going?
- [Ronin] I'm not sure.
- Well, two Fools are
always happier than one.
Can I join you?
- Thank you, no.
- Are you sure?
I can be very useful.
I can be your bodyguard!
(Kane speaks foreign language)
- I don't know how
you eat this food.
There's no substance.
I'll be hungry again in an hour.
- What happened to the flowers?
- You needed to keep
them in the sun.
That's where they belong.
(sighs)
No work today?
- [Kane] No, I'm
going to the hospital.
- You know, if you don't
like your job here,
I'm sure my brother
could find work for you
in our Osaka office.
After all of this, Emi
needs to be with her family.
With those who can care for her.
- (Sighs) I knew it.
- She needs to be
home, in her own bed,
eating food that's good for her.
I'm thinking of
what's best for Emi.
She will be very
happy when she's home.
I am sure you agree with me.
- We're fine.
Thank you, Mother.
(papers rustle)
(sighs)
(twigs snap)
(phone rings)
Hello?
Yes, hi, how you doing?
Uh yes, no, I know,
I know, I know.
Well I was laid off a month ago.
Unfortunately not.
Yeah no, she was under
contract with her work,
and they didn't provide
insurance so she was under mine.
I'll email you everything
as soon as possible.
Okay, yeah, I understand.
Of course.
Okay.
Okay, thank you, all right, bye.
(phone beeps)
(tense music)
(phone rings)
What?
- Hello?
Mr. Madison?
Sorry, is this a bad time?
- No, no, I'm sorry.
I was expecting someone else.
- Well, we were all
very, very saddened
to hear about Emi's condition.
- Thank you.
Thank you for your
concern, I appreciate that.
Hey, I'm sorry
about that just now.
- Oh no, don't
worry about it Kane.
I understand, you're in
the eye of the storm.
- Thank you.
- Now, has Emi's
condition improved any?
(sighs)
- No.
Not really.
The doctors aren't saying much
until the test results come in.
- How are you holding up?
- I'm fine, just fine,
thanks for asking.
- Well um, I hope
you don't mind, but,
we've taken up a special
collection these past few weeks,
uh, on your behalf.
Now, it may not cover
everything, but it should help.
- Thank you, I, I appreciate
that but really, we--
- Emi told me about the
layoffs at your company
just before she fell ill.
Please Kane, let us help you.
- Not bad, yes?
Yes?
- Thank you.
- What was that
I'm sorry.
- I said thank you,
very much for your
extraordinary assistance today.
- Oh, don't mention it.
It was nothing.
Really.
You don't know how
to use that, do you?
Oh you never told me
where you're going.
- The old man told me
to follow this path.
- Oh, are you trying to find
the master beneath that tree?
- I'm not looking for anything,
except something to eat.
- Me too!
I haven't eaten for days.
Let me go with you.
Oh come on, you see
how useful I can be!
I will search for this
tree by your side.
- Come on, then.
(man laughs)
(ethereal music)
(steady beeping)
Yes, absolutely my friend.
You won't be sorry that
you brought me along.
Because I am very useful,
very useful indeed.
You see, of all the
bodyguards in this world,
I am the very best.
I am so--
(voice fades out,
drowned out by music)
(sighs)
Great eyes, I can spot
your tree over a mile away.
Oh yes, absolutely my friend.
Yes, you're a very, hey!
Wait up!
- Does this look right to you?
Haven't we been this way before?
- This way.
- [Voice On Television] That
is pleasant to the sight,
and good for food.
The Tree of Life, also in
the midst of the dark--
(television clicks off)
- What is that you are watching?
I suppose that I'll see you
at the hospital later
this afternoon, huh?
(crickets chirp)
- Grows cold these days.
- Ah, yes.
Watch this.
- How'd you do that?
- I don't know.
I have always been
able to do it.
- You are indeed a useful one.
- I can turn it blue,
you wanna see it?
- No, no, please don't.
What are you doing?
(Fool grunts)
(birds chirp)
(sword whooshes)
- [News Announcer] Defectors
loyal to the local government,
so this will only fuel tension.
The Lebanese have long feared
being drawn into
Syria's violence,
but it now sees that their
worst fears have been realized.
- The path is getting
harder to see.
- [News Announcer] Despite
the regional bloodshed,
officials say that
a 12 year old boy
walked into the mosque
and detonated a bomb
instantly killing
him and dozens more.
The explosion took place just
as Friday prayers were ending.
From Beirut, Special
Correspondent Gail
Nelson reports.
- [Gail] The bomb detonated
in the service entry
of the city's
second-largest mosque.
Outside, women and
children wept bitterly
as cleanup crews searched for
the dead among the debris.
No one has yet claimed
responsibility.
- [Kane] In contrast,
adherents of Apathatism
hold that outside of
directly-revealed knowledge
through scripture
and sacred tradition,
such as Trinitarian nature,
transcendence and essence
is a relative concept,
and is often allied with
the approach of mysticism.
- [Gail] Despite the many
attempts by the archdiocese,
the former priest
is behind bars.
- [Kane] Which focuses
on a spontaneous
or cultivated individual
experience of the divine reality
beyond the realm of
ordinary perception.
(deep, thrumming music)
(bushes rustle)
- Put that thing out.
(metal clanks)
(dramatic music)
- I can't see.
Which way?
We're surrounded.
- [News Announcer] Be the work
of the second
fundamentalist faction.
The blast ripped through a
crowded shopping district,
killing 23--
- [News Announcer] County
prosecutors filed new charges
of child molestation against
the embattled reverend.
(news announcer voices mingle)
- [News Announcer]
Against gay marriage
turned violent on Thursday.
- [Kane] An experience
often unmediated
by the structures of
traditional organized religion
or the conditioned role-playing
and learned defensive
behavior of the outer man.
- [Emi] The prize is our soul.
- We have no hope.
- [Kane] For your name's
sake, preserve my life.
In your unfailing love,
silence my enemies.
(steady beeping)
(archer yells)
- I can not wait to get
to that tree of yours.
I'm so hungry, I could
eat you my friend.
- I have no memory of eating.
(man laughs)
- I too have forgotten
the warmth of a good meal.
- No.
I cannot remember
eating anything.
Ever.
I have forever wandered,
hunger my only companion.
- Well, you've got me now.
Go to bed you crazy person.
(steady beeping)
(snores)
(sword whispers)
(sword whooshes)
- I brought you kaki fruit.
What is it that you are reading?
(dark, disturbing music)
- It's one of Emi's books.
- Why does she have this,
and why are you reading it?
You told me you gave this up.
- [Kane] I did, I have.
- [Emi's Mother]
Don't lie to me.
- I thought, maybe
it might help.
- [Emi's Mother] Help what?
This is all nonsense,
you know that.
You told me yourself
only a year ago.
- I know.
I thought that maybe, I just--
- Just what?
I knew this would happen.
I knew she shouldn't
have come here.
I told her not to marry you.
Useless.
Unemployed.
Even now you are
reading this foolishness
instead of finding work.
Just like your parents,
chasing fantasies.
That book is the cause of
all the evil in this world.
- Death no longer has mastery.
Your daughter is not sick.
To you, your daughter is dead.
(swords clank)
(arrow whooshes)
(grunts)
(Fool snores)
- Hey!
What happened?
Why didn't you call out for me?
- You were sleeping so well.
And you're gassy when
you don't get your sleep.
- You should have called for me.
I'm your bodyguard, remember?
- I sing in the
shadow of your wings.
Because you are my help.
Those who seek my soul
will be destroyed.
They will go down to
the depths of the earth.
They shall fall by the sword.
My soul thirsts,
and I will be satisfied as
with the richest of foods.
On my bed, I remember you.
I think of you,
because your love,
(steady beeping)
is better than life.
- Look.
Let's go!
- Wait a moment.
- What?
- I don't know about this.
- What I know is
that I'm starving.
- No one leaves an orchard
like that unguarded.
- You know, I hope we do
meet someone down there.
'Cause I'm not sure
what I crave more,
fruit or better company.
Come on, you said it yourself,
you can't remember
your last meal!
- You go.
Catch up with me when
you've had your fill.
I don't like the look of this.
It's off the path.
- Look, I'll gather everything.
Just wait by the edge.
I can't carry it all myself!
There you go, thank
you Sir Ronin!
Make yourself
useful for a change.
(phone rings)
(sighs)
(phone beeps)
- What do you want?
- Well hello, nice
to hear from you too.
- [Kane] Yeah, whatever.
- I heard about Emi.
I'm sorry, man.
- Thank you.
Now what do you really want?
- Jeez, are you still blaming
the whole recession on me?
- Oh, right.
So that's what happened, huh?
- Anyway, I got something
to make it up to you, man.
You remember my old
college buddy over at RSDN?
Well, we were having
lunch the other day
and he mentioned
that they're looking
for somebody who's
done federal work,
knows BIM, and get this,
just happens to know
English and Japanese.
- [Kane] Come on, Scott.
- [Scott] Don't worry, if
you can speak well enough
to order dim sum you're good.
- [Kane] What?
- [Scott] So I say
to my buddy, "10%,"
and he says, "10% of what
are you talking about?"
And I say, "10% is
my finder's fee,
"'cause I know just the guy."
- [Ronin] Where did
that Fool run off to?
(woman hums)
(gasps)
- Forgive me, Madam, I
didn't mean to frighten you.
This is a beautiful orchard.
Does your family tend to it?
I'm sorry I bothered you, Madam.
- My songs,
my songs alone care
for these trees.
(leaves rustle)
Please.
- No, thank you.
I must be on my way.
- For your journey, then.
Oh!
- Sit down, let me look at that.
- [Madam] I'm sorry
to trouble you.
- [Ronin] It's no
trouble at all.
- Thank you.
Where does your journey lead?
- A fool's errand.
It is of no importance.
- Oh, please.
- Well if you must know,
I seek the tree which lies
at the end of that path.
- I've heard of this tree,
and the Master there.
A noble journey indeed.
- We must be the poorest
nobles in the land.
- [Madam] Please.
- Oh absolutely, Joe-Joe's
is one of my favorite places.
In fact, I proposed to
my first wife there.
- Over Pastrami?
- Yeah, had I chosen
a better place
maybe it woulda lasted longer.
- Who knows?
- [Man] So uh, what about you?
- What's that?
- How long you been married?
- Just over 10 months.
- So has she started
giving you a hard time
about working late
hours and all that?
- No, she's pretty
understanding.
- You're a lucky guy.
Well the reason I stopped by
is I wanna check
on your progress
on the Tian Jin master plan.
- Yeah, sure, I've got
a print right here.
- Oh yeah, by the way,
you did a very nice job
on the Miranda Center
curtain wall the other day.
- Thank you.
Okay.
- Yeah, I knew it.
This tower belongs
to the west side.
Have you had a chance to
study the interior parcels?
- Working on it.
- Okay, well make sure you
have a lot of amenities.
Entertainment, retail,
and a lot of public space.
- Okay.
- 'Cause the big idea
here, is the interior ring.
- Okay.
- Looks good.
- Good enough for design review?
(low music)
- Absolutely.
- Okay, thank you.
- [Man] Yeah.
(low, quick, tonal music)
(phone rings)
(groans)
- Oh, my head.
- You'll feel better tomorrow.
- Tomorrow?
Well how long have I been here?
- A few nights.
I have enjoyed your company.
- Where is that Fool?
Has anyone come looking for me?
- No one.
- Thank you for
your hospitality.
I must leave.
- Must you?
- Where's my sword?
- Where are you going again?
You don't remember, do you?
- Where's my sword?
- Here.
Take what you want.
(coughs)
- Here you go.
- Oh, wait a minute.
- What's up?
- Did you draw this section
based on the survey?
- No.
Uh, I didn't really
think it was necessary.
- What do you mean?
- Well, the site
seemed pretty flat
when we were out there, so...
- There's a 12 foot grade
change from Davenport to 4th.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Just because you don't see it
doesn't mean that
it's not there.
That is why you've
got to use the survey.
- Okay.
(phone rings)
All right, I'm sorry, I'll
re-draw it right after lunch.
- This is Kane.
Yeah, sure, I'll be right there.
All right.
- Tell you what, kid,
you got the goods.
You got the attitude,
but most of all,
you, you want it.
You're hungry.
You have absolutely
been a tremendous
asset to this company.
- That's great, I was hoping
things were working out.
- Absolutely, that's
why we're talking.
Now you're aware that the GSA
is about to re-do a bunch
of their embassies, right?
- Yeah, of course.
London, Tokyo, I think
a few others, right?
- I'm happy to say that we are
on the short list for Tokyo.
- Wow, that's great news.
- It is great news.
I want it, I want it so bad!
That's one of the reasons
why we brought you on board.
- I'd love to help.
- You are gonna do a
lot more than help.
I want you to lead the team
because I think that you are
the man to bring it home.
Foster, Skidmore, Brighton.
That's your old
stomping grounds, right?
- Mmhmm.
- They're on the shortlist, too,
but I think we got the edge.
You can detail a curtain
wall like nobody's business.
So I want you to have fun.
Treat this just like
the Miranda Center.
You gotta love it.
High profile, high design,
big budget, big building.
It's all yours, kid.
What do you think, kid, you in?
- My wife.
- Excuse me?
- Absolutely.
(Madam hums)
- Awake?
- What's happening to me?
- Please.
- No more.
(Ronin spits)
(Madam laughs)
- Such a baby!
- Something is not right.
I must leave this place.
- Leave?
- The tree.
- Oh yes.
Your noble journey.
Rest now.
You are not the first to
lose his way along the road.
That tree does not exist.
Only the foolish and the
weak hold to such things.
There is no Master.
There is no Other.
(coughs)
- Sorry, um, we finished
the options you asked for,
you wanna take a look now?
- Okay.
- Scheme A is pretty much
what we talked about.
Scheme B has a wider entry
that relates to the site
that you can see
we'll reposition--
- What is this?
- What is what?
- Where is the compound
access control?
- That's here, and here.
- No, no I don't think
you can split it up.
Isn't that SED guideline?
- Well, but it doesn't
fit in the shell
if you put them together, so.
- [Kane] Where did this
footprint come from?
- It's derived from the parti.
- The parti?
From two weeks ago?
Are you kidding me?
The program wasn't
even updated then!
(sighs)
Look, do the space planning
based on the design guidelines
then start shaping the shell.
The membrane looks great guys,
but the form is meaningless
if the program doesn't work.
What is this?
First year studio?
- We just thought we had to
compensate for the changes--
- No, you were not thinking.
(intense instrumental music)
(steady beeping)
(beeping slows)
(EKG beeps a flat, steady tone)
(footsteps run)
(pants for breath)
- I am sorry, my friend.
- Dearest Kane, I'm
writing this down
in case I don't have the
chance to tell you in person.
I know now that we
walk different paths,
and I will no longer
bother you with mine.
I have shared the fruits
of my experience with you,
and that has to be enough.
For if you ever decide
to make this journey,
you must do so on your own.
You must strip away
all that holds you.
Your family, your
past, your work,
your mind, everything.
Even me.
Find what is great,
majestic, what is pure.
And if you grasp even
a taste, do not let go.
Do not give up.
For even a taste is a
banquet we will share,
and it will be full,
and without tears.
Blessed are those who hunger
and thirst for righteousness,
for they will be filled.
My hope is that
you will be filled.
My love is yours regardless.
(ethereal music)
(woman whispers)
(melodic female singing)
- Hey!
I thought you were dead!
(Fool laughs)
- I was, you fool!
- So of course I went
back to her a few times.
She was quite lovely, you know?
Each time she said
you left without me.
Eventually I left as well.
We should go back
and fix her good.
- No.
Doesn't matter now.
- Are you feeling all right?
- Yes, why?
- No reason.
- Oh, we must be close.
- Close?
Close to what?
- There it is.
Can you see it?
There it is.
I can't believe we found it.
There it is, see?
- It's just another tree.
- No.
No, no, no, that is it.
That is the Great Tree.
- How do you know?
It doesn't look like
anything special to me.
- Well come on, let's find out.
- Wait a minute.
Let's not rush in.
- Ah yes, you have some
experience with that.
- Listen to me.
We don't know who or
what is down there.
- Well you are my bodyguard.
I have nothing to fear.
- I'm serious.
Do not go down there.
- What is this?
- Do you really
think that anyone
waits for you beneath the tree?
A great master,
freely bearing food,
drink, and shelter
to all who ask?
If he were there,
would not hunger and bloodshed
cease to plague this land?
Would not the world flock
to him and call him Master?
Enough with this foolishness.
You have embarrassed
me for the last time.
(thunder rumbles)
(dark, dramatic music)
- I was wondering when you
were gonna show up again.
I am honored,
that the Dark Lord
himself would seek me out.
(Dark Lord laughs)
- Do you think my lord
would waste his time on you?
(tense music)
(sword sings)
I am your greatest enemy.
Your thoughts and fears.
I am your memory.
Your mind, logos.
Call me what you will, I am you!
(quick, tense music)
And I battle all,
who seek that tree.
(yells)
(swords clang)
(phone rings)
(glass shatters)
(swords clang)
(Kane yells)
(men grunt)
You see?
I told you.
There is no one here.
I knew it, I knew it all along.
You fool.
What a waste.
Your hope is a lie!
There is no Master.
There is no Other!
- No!
No, please!
Ah!
(flames crackle)
(Dark Lord laughs)
(Dark Lord cries out repeatedly)
(ethereal strings music)
(light tonal music)
You alone are my Master.
There is no other.
(breathes deeply)
That's great, great, fantastic.
I'll see you on the 12th?
Right, the 12th, got it.
Listen, thank you,
so much Father Cary.
Okay, you take care, I'll
talk to you soon, all right?
Okay.
Bye.
(man speaks in foreign language)
(swelling instrumental music)
("Eye of the Storm" by Lovett)
I know that I'm wrong
About everything I said
But here it goes again
You wanted more
Than you thought
I would ever give
But you were badly mistaken
I told you lies
And said what you
were meant to hear
Just as you wished
My dear
To reach the eye of the storm
So we began to float
And drifted out into the tide
For every wave
To swallow, us alive
No sign of shore
The moment when
the sails were torn
We reached the end
Eye of the storm
But for all that it cost
In the end there
was no price to pay
For all that was lost
That storm carried it away